## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-xBsHBR6BS/LSlO3cOyY2D/4KkmaHjlNn3NnXUMFFc14HLZD7vwVgS3+6U/WkHAra"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-WmGkHEmwSI19EhTfO1nrSk3RziUQKRWg3vO0Ur3VYZjWvJRdRnX4/scQg+S2w1fI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-uBlc/xEFeDxZmBU7K/YWwi3ryXQrLQCAY2K1Dl3OD2DaAQBZZTt6Ew3aeDP20ix0 /es/languages/bash.js
sha384-4qer4rJCVxZjkwD4YaJfOnT2NOOt0qdjKYJM2076C+djiJ4lgrP1LVsB/MCpJSET /es/languages/bash.min.js
sha384-DA5ii4oN8R2fsamNkHOanSjuN4v7j5RIuheQqnxMQ4cFnfekeuhwu4IdNXiCf+UU /es/languages/css.js
sha384-OBugjfIr093hFCxTRdVfKH8Oe3yiBrS58bhyYYTUQJVobk6SUEjD7pnV8BPwsr8a /es/languages/css.min.js
sha384-WCznKe2n87QvV/L1MlXN+S8R6NPUQGU34+AqogMuWGZJswSD6rt3Mgih+xuKlDgm /es/languages/javascript.js
sha384-eGsBtetyKPDKaLiTnxTzhSzTFM6A/yjHBQIj4rAMVaLPKW5tJb8U6XLr/AikCPd+ /es/languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-12GbYFzdyZCSmfBTmO2CR/qE89K5uE1PEuJ3QUwXH0Q9u+uoLNigjH9dG7LAxxiI /es/languages/json.js
sha384-+DT7AtubDhVDciRc6CgjJJRsCt0L8NC3Dh8n9Tj2tZWU8rWxDIj1ViubmUDn8OCY /es/languages/json.min.js
sha384-bWwkdmOCj83zZ8/m+oPD9goRMhrPCb25ZA6aTyg7vcsq9IpuyED38kQSw1Na4UTZ /es/languages/markdown.js
sha384-SqGSUq0DMQ0OUQnQnTuVDCJyhANd/MFNj+0PF67S+VXgHpR8A4tPsf/3GoSFRmrx /es/languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-PpU3S+yZJ1Gj2R7L/OgTgkKELQOf7F1VcbaAEJwSFSM9lw2ON2wxq1FvUcUlm9ne /es/languages/powershell.js
sha384-pBczxETXXX/Ne92jpBviT47DPiv27FLNtvs0aMZH3W7rYXdwgf1gWg3pH4NmNC2V /es/languages/powershell.min.js
sha384-vs4jXytP3N3d5zRX15Fqc4u/kDI5jDr3PNYIvQ0mmmoU+o/yxJfu/+VYme6qIOa2 /es/languages/ruby.js
sha384-O4a+vELXT191NhKLE3TR5WQwDmQZ2izAhb2zETRxcPSXr6CJruqJ4a+GJpDlaqCF /es/languages/ruby.min.js
sha384-rBAFhyrcRcMNbVJ9g4k5y3eQDkjGdgoOb3oTWTbHgwyUgUNv3CK9wLsGy/d+52oa /es/languages/sql.js
sha384-8G3qMPeOeXVKZ0wGzMQHgMVQWixLw3EXFAcU+IFNLRe0WoZB5St3L3ZLTK62Nzns /es/languages/sql.min.js
sha384-OFoR8IZ+CFwcY8plx8HSDZNoCwLxc701CwdNGfoIEhSgwAbwhvInaxnEi3HYTt2Q /es/languages/xml.js
sha384-yFd3InBtG6WtAVgIl6iIdFKis8HmMC7GbbronB4lHJq3OLef3U8K9puak6MuVZqx /es/languages/xml.min.js
sha384-qbbaBGYYg7PdopdWOGj8KdkBosUDY5PAe3aTMJKTqWcriPBJJzCVu5BlwNEwqr9U /languages/bash.js
sha384-ByZsYVIHcE8sB12cYY+NUpM80NAWHoBs5SL8VVocIvqVLdXf1hmXNSBn/H9leT4c /languages/bash.min.js
sha384-r9czyL17/ovexTOK33dRiTbHrtaMDzpUXW4iRpetdu1OhhckHXiFzpgZyni2t1PM /languages/css.js
sha384-HpHXnyEqHVbcY+nua3h7/ajfIrakWJxA3fmIZ9X9kbY45N6V+DPfMtfnLBeYEdCx /languages/css.min.js
sha384-vJxw3XlwaqOQr8IlRPVIBO6DMML5W978fR21/GRI5PAF7yYi2WstLYNG1lXk6j9u /languages/javascript.js
sha384-44q2s9jxk8W5N9gAB0yn7UYLi9E2oVw8eHyaTZLkDS3WuZM/AttkAiVj6JoZuGS4 /languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-dq9sY7BcOdU/6YaN+YmFuWFG8MY2WYJG2w3RlDRfaVvjdHchE07Ss7ILfcZ56nUM /languages/json.js
sha384-RbRhXcXx5VHUdUaC5R0oV+XBXA5GhkaVCUzK8xN19K3FmtWSHyGVgulK92XnhBsI /languages/json.min.js
sha384-U+zIQPoVdPCO0o4poik2hYNbHtNm+L5OojDTulgIeEZTNz+LooLAm72d66mNjwKD /languages/markdown.js
sha384-mCUujHHbWJEjcupTTfWOk9YR3YCYNHaA578+TTXUd4LPi7fGNuMQbysbl1pmcIGd /languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-BW3J/7iREOC3EuqJwzGkDJb6FY9bVvkt70ipieV892fYAp8uReDMiO0/lrUPmkzL /languages/powershell.js
sha384-LWJZQx0dgGhEK7snfNYrQs5K+QKD1sOmE02sOQCz4br9UmqSJDvPLoUVFaUyFnjq /languages/powershell.min.js
sha384-AE7f30oAuQtqmFee9hPd2uoo44ZkyUY2wQL7DjjENhh2wrvS6q4mpxGtAxeCxiRQ /languages/ruby.js
sha384-pFZpTUpdH4YEXSenc9hfKZ4uCv2IQoJQCIlIHpA0fM2cvTVH8LuzQMNcGSRGeJG0 /languages/ruby.min.js
sha384-Dy7I/j0yJlyliWiNrkNqXfxDrbN65q40s3JColgTYZQ7QJa7lcmK0WUL3i00/T51 /languages/sql.js
sha384-8q00eP+tyV9451aJYD5ML3ftuHKsGnDcezp7EXMEclDg1fZVSoj8O+3VyJTkXmWp /languages/sql.min.js
sha384-+PuZYFfVX2UQZU2yKt/FsJUZNUPzZWxW7auXltsaecr1xLvzBYF3c5gYoyOs1++x /languages/xml.js
sha384-jgkY4GMNWfQcLLIoP1vg3FWXflDrRhcSXGBW6ONIWC2SOIv5H1Pa57sXs+aomCuZ /languages/xml.min.js
sha384-Cim2Tk8ao2WMovJgmfiwOHvrVBjFoyNiN0vCxEpWWYx0tycgW8+3G4p3Nr59JX9A /highlight.js
sha384-Qpatw2SIzUzYmL5NzYldRbaj1LTLLmkg52uGy/hOqyrZ1miP3PnhhJR0V4jiFekO /highlight.min.js
```

